Capitalized AmountMath (#499)
Agoric/documentation: main/ertp/api/issuer.md

Get the kind of this `issuer`'s asset. It returns one of
`AssetKind.NAT` (`nat`) or `AssetKind.SET` (`set`).

> The `assetKind` value specifies what kind of values `AmountMath` is used on for this
> issuer. Each kind implements all of the same set 
> of API methods (i.e. `AmountMath` methods are polymorphic). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `assetKind` value specifies what kind of values are used in amounts for this issuer. AmountMath works for all the different kinds of values. 
```
